- Mission-- get Dennis
to this retreat.
- He has two Versace robes
at Porsha's house
that he really wants back.
- There it is.
Oh, my God, look.
- Previously, on
"Porsha's Family Matters"...
Lauren said that
you should come on the trip.
- Yeah?
- And I think she mentioned
Dennis comin'.
- I-- I'm fine with it.
- I came because the trip
was important for PJ's sake.
- Mexico,
Mexico, Mexico.
- Dom walked by me,
and he was like,
"Why they got me
carrying Dennis' robe?"
- Don't miss that flight
in the morning.
- I won't miss it.
- Did you put somethin'
sexy in your bag?
- Dom is carrying
around a robe.
- What do you care
about this robe?
- Yeah, give me a robe.
- It is the principle of it.
- Storm, you don't
know what's going on.
Stay out of it.
- Oh, my God.
- Or what?
Or what?
What are you gonna do?
- No, you're not standing up.
- We're not gonna get anywhere
talking about a robe!
- Yo, waiter!
- Stop talking about the robe.
- I need a waiter.
- Stop talking about it.
If anyone says,
"Robe," again, go home!
We are trying to
bring us together.
We did what we had to do
to bring him here.
No, wait.
Let me finish!
What we're gonna do,
is we're going to
look at ourselves
and stop
pointing the finger.
It's not about blame.
Look at yourself.
- Can I get a waitress?
- I will restart.
I apologize, family,
if it feels like
I am throwing blame.
- Apologize?
- I apologize.
- Okay.
- I did not mean to
throw anything on anyone,
but what I really would
love to know,
everybody's true intention
because I know it can't
possibly be about an item
that was somewhere
or somebody gotta be bribed.
Nobody has to be--
- I'm listening.
I'm sorry.
- No, you're not.
- One of the highest forms
of communication is silence,
so let's practice therapeutic
compassionate listening,
and whoever has this
may use their throat chakra
to share what their intention is
and what they have to say.
- Lena is lost
in black folk land,
and she doesn't know
what to do about it.
Danger, danger, danger.
- Okay.
- Okay, my whole intention
for this trip
is that I have discovered...
in the last three months,
I have discovered
who I truly am,
and for the first time...
I would look at--
at feet, and say,
"Boy, I wish I had some feet
that look like that.
You know, the toes down.
They're just so evenly spread,
and it's so beautiful."
- Yo, I had to look
and see what's going on.
I didn't know what this--
it looked pretty normal to me,
but I--
I mean, I don't know.
- Okay.
- As I grew up,
my family, they said...
They look like Barney Rubble
in Flintstone
like in the car with your feet
just on the ground
touching all the time.
And the other main reason
why I'm here today
because I have a daughter
sittin' right over there.
- Mm-hmm.
- And I would like to be
so much closer to her.
I love you with
everything I have.
- Aww.
- Thank you.
- Storm and her mom have
had a lotta ups and downs.
You know, there is
no parenting manual,
and as a mom, as a dad,
you really just do
the best you can.
You will definitely have
some shortcomings
and trust and believe
your teenager
or your 23-year-old
is gonna be the main one
to let you know
what the hell a shortcoming is.
- I-I wanna make this quick.
I don't-I don't know
why I'm here anymore.
- Mmm.
- And I don't
know these people.
And how these people
claim they're in the family.
What is the family?
And maybe
I'm in another family.
- Mmm.
- 'Cause you're
not in my family.
I don't even know you,
and the only person
at this table
that's in my family
may be Londie,
and I was trying to
get to know you.
- Mmm.
- There's a distance between us
because the people
you guys are calling family
I don't even know them.
- Because Lauren and I
are so close,
we have our circle.
Dom is Lauren's best friend,
and Lauren's best friend,
and he's also become
very close to me
after working for me.
So-so, that's--
- Okay, well,
I didn't even know that.
- What's happening?
Feels like we kidnapped her
and brought her here
to this dinner,
and she's like,
"Wait, what am I doing here?
Who is these people?
What's happening?"
So, I'm about as confused
as she is.
- You have to understand that
there are different levels
of knowing.
I don't know Storm.
I don't know Darlene, really.
We're pleasant
in each other's company,
but we would never go out
and have drinks
and hang out close.
- What's that?
Chilean sea bass?
- Yeah, it looks like sea bass.
- Thank you.
- Spicy hot?
Okay, I like it.
- Pass that lobster.
- Get it. Get it.
Get it.
- Uh-oh.
- I needed to leave the room
because the smell
of the shellfish
was just
overwhelming.
I can't eat that.
Some people probably thought,
yeah, I got up
because I didn't wanna be
around 'em anymore.
I probably would
think that myself.
- Dennis, are you ready to
talk about your intentions?
- Should give it to Storm.
- Oh, yes, give it to Storm.
- Yep.
- Thank you.
I don't really have much to say,
but since I got the stick,
I think that there are
some people at this table
that have problems with me.
Um...
- You should tell your mama
you love her.
She just come up here and
poured your hearts out,
and you're talking
about yourself.
- I'm a-I'm a--
I'm gonna get to that,
but see, you ain't
'posed to be talking right now
'cause I got the stick.
- You don't have the stick.
You don't have--
- I'm keepin' it real.
- Gotcha. You can't talk.
- I would like to cultivate
some relationships
that's actually real
like the other ones
that I have with some people
at the table.
I don't got nothin' else to say.
- Do you wanna
give your intentions?
- Yeah.
- You ready?
- Yeah, sure.
It's very important.
This family is-is broken,
and, uh, that's very clear.
I'm not trying to
single out Porsha,
but it really starts with Porsha
because I'm just saying
she's the head of this family.
My intention on this trip--
build a relationship with Simon,
so we can start our process
of co-parenting.
- Yes.
- Mm-hmm.
- You know,
I'm here to support,
you know, Porsha because,
at the end of the day,
it's about her being happy.
Y'all feel me down there?
Storm, right?
But we gotta come to the table
about, like, truth,
and honesty,
and accountability.
- Accountability
starts with yourself.
- Hey, okay.
- When I got--
when I got the stick--
- No, but you can't be negative
with the stick.
- When I got the stick,
you shouldn't talk.
- You're the grownup!
You're the older one!
- Okay.
- You should
learn to be quiet.
You shouldn't be talking.
- You shouldn't be here.
- You keep-- you keep
poking the bear
when I poke you right back.
- Yeah, 'cause she's talking
when I'm talking.
That's--
- Keep poking me.
That's what's gonna happen.
What's your ----ing issue?
What's your issue?
I don't give a [BLEEP]!
- As soon as Storm
starts yelling,
the disaster button
is blinking.
Beep, beep, beep,
beep, disaster.
When she was 18, 19 years old,
she worked for me at my club.
She was fired multiple times--
insubordination,
talking crazy to folks,
and this is not
just an issue with me.
She's out of control.
She needs to be stopped.
All right.
I'm out. I'm out.
- You can't be talking
while she was talking, Dennis.
- Yo, I ain't got
time for this sh--.
I'll go home.
I ain't got time for this.
I came because you asked me to.
- Bye!
- Shut the up.
- Don't.
- Oh, Dennis!
- Oh!
- I ain't got time
for this kid.
All she do, is talk.
- And so, don't talk
to her like that.
Exactly.
- I'm-- I'm going home!
I ain't gotta be here, bro!
- Yo, what are you doing?
- And that's your grand exit.
That's-- that's
his grand exit.
- You all did--
- Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo!
- But that-- but ta---
no, no, no.
Let me just make a point.
- No, no, no, no!
I don't got time for this!
Go!
- I'm pissed.
It's not appropriate
to talk to family like that,
and I feel like he wouldn't want
anybody to do that to Pilar.
He's got to choose his words
and project his anger
where it's supposed to be.
- It's okay.
We still have a few days.
The burden is not on you.
You have to understand that.
- What we feel is that
you should have told her,
"Let him speak.
Be quiet.
You had your turn."
- Okay, but in some situations,
we have to be--
be the bigger person.
- I got the stick.
- We're trying to fix unity.
- Yeah, I'm trying to tell y'all
what's y'all problem.
- You're not-- don't--
but it's not you to fix her.
It's not for to you fix her.
- Yeah.
She's not Porsha.
She wanna be Porsha.
She ain't Porsha.
- So, you're leaving.
- Hell yeah.
- I don't got time
for this sh--.
I am done for today.
- I don't think Storm
has a healthy respect
for her elders.
I think Storm thinks Porsha
is her elder,
and she has a healthy respect
for Porsha.
- Yeah, let me go get Storm.
Are you okay?
- I don't understand
why he keeps coming for me.
Like, I'm not even the reason
for him being here.
He should be focused on
your relationship with Simon.
He should be focused on Pilar.
- Well, that's my point.
To me, if--
if the only thing you can do,
is project, project, project,
you're sitting up here
trying to throw everything
on everybody else,
I am not here
to abuse the family
through what I want to happen.
Get with it in a positive,
productive way.
Then maybe that is the best,
and I will deal with them
separately.
- I mean,
I can go sit back down.
I just needed a sec--
I just needed to walk
for a second.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, okay.
- Did you get some
fresh air, you know?
- Gotta get some fresh air.
- Exactly.
- You gon' call
our family broken...
You don't even
know our family.
- Why is Dennis is trying to
get all the attention
from the trip?
Like, for real,
like, dude,
you're creating all this drama
when we should be focused on
coparenting for our daughter.
He's just creating issues.
That's all.
And if it's broken,
if you a man,
you would be trying to fix it.
Coming up...
- I believe in
military strategies.
- And what's that?
- You have to tell Mama Gina,
"You need to stay the
out of our business."
- So, do you
like this room?
Is this a good room for you?
'Cause you should say bye.
- It is a cute room.
- You have to say bye.
- What do you mean
I should say bye?
- Dennis is taking this room.
- Why is he moving?
We gave him his own space.
He has his own door.
I'm in a three bedroom suite,
and in my suite
we're gonna have Londie
and Dennis.
- And, Lauren, you get to move
to the big suite.
We have a infinity pool.
- I have an infinity pool.
- Dennis needs this.
- Start packing, love.
This is a horrible idea.
- Y'all.
- I don't understand
how he thinks he can
change the room assignments
when I made 'em anyway. Like--
- That's what I'm saying.
- Because tonight
was a sh-- show.
- Yeah, it was but--
- Okay, well, because of him.
- It wasn't because
of him, though.
- Um, he really came at Storm.
- Storm was being a bitch.
Storm needed to
shut the up.
- No grown man--
- Dennis, no.
- Should ever tell a young girl
to shut the up.
- I completely agree, but...
I should have Storm
to shut the up.
- Oh!
- I remember Storm when she was
literally in my middle school,
and, like,
we've always bumped heads
every few years,
and she just
never says hello.
You don't say hey to people?
- You weren't.
It's okay.
So, it's just
the rudest thing to me
that she never says hello.
Her whole attitude
annoys me.
- You gotta be at meditation.
- I'm sleeping.
We have to be up at,
like, 7 a.m.
- 7:30.
- Can we keep arguing,
so we can get 8 or 9?
- Don't be, uh, pointin'
your little finger.
- Oh, you're in-in.
- You can't even control
your own session, fam.
You can't even control
your own session.
- I can't control
my own session?
- Yeah.
- No, I can't control
my brother-in-law.
- Ooh, not brother-in-law.
- I'm unhappy with everyone.
Six a.m. meditation.
- I ain't making that.
- Come on, Lauren.
- See ya, Lauren.
- Goodbye.
- I'm staying in--
in Mexico because of Pilar.
I just didn't wanna be the guy
that ruined the trip.
- See you at 6 with positivity
and love in your heart.
- Oh, not the positivity
and love.
- Yes.
- That's not in his heart.
- My God.
- Oh, Lord.
- Our home sweet home.
- Whew.
What?
- Oh, my gosh.
- Hey, you know what
I'm about to embark on?
- Huh?
- I'm gonna pull one
of these babies out.
- You about to smoke it now?
What time is it? Isn't it--
- Babe, who cares?
We're on
a spiritual journey,
and smoking a cigar
is one of 'em.
- I didn't expect any of that
tonight at that dinner.
- I expected it.
- You did?
- Yes, I did.
- So, why didn't you warn me?
- Because that's not my place.
- It is your place.
- This was your planning.
It was important for you
to allow people
to show their
authentic self.
- My thing is,
is now I don't know
where it's supposed to go.
- My initial instinct
was to talk to Dennis.
- Why do you think that was?
- It's in line with what
you're trying to accomplish.
I want him to stay,
bottom line, but--
- Why do you want him
to stay?
- 'Cause I-- I want
an effective coparenting.
I don't know of any others,
not in my family.
- Mm-hmm.
- That they've been able
to transition and where
we don't only coparent,
but we're all
one big blended family,
especially in the Black community.
I mean,
I'll text and ask him
if he will meet me
for breakfast.
- Maybe something small,
a small gesture, very small.
I feel it's very important
for Simon
to have a conversation
with Dennis.
Number one, that's gonna be
Pilar's stepdad.
This ain't no game.
This ain't just no
bubble gum ring on my finger,
or we're just gonna be
engaged forever.
We are getting married,
and I want him
to have a position
as a coparent.
- And, I do have one--
one request from you.
- What is it?
I'm tired,
and my thighs hurt.
What?
- You can pack up
Dennis' sh--
and make sure that it gets
to Dennis safe and sound.
- Okay.
- That's it.
- I did break up
with his things.
The robe was just
one little thing.
He's been forever
asking for the robe,
and I've been forever
not giving it to him.
He don't deserve the robe.
- It-- I confiscated the robe.
The robe is my robe.
I wear the robe
sometimes in the house
when I wanna be fabulous.
It is my robe now.
It is.
It's done. I will--
I will make that happen.
- You have a better chance
at succeeding
in this family dynamics
if you target just Dennis.
- I know that.
I've said that,
but it doesn't work
like that
because he has such
a close relationship
with his mom, as he--
as he should.
I'm trying to care for
Mama Gina at the same time
as target my coparent
into this new transition
that I wanna do.
- Sometimes I believe
in military strategies.
- And what's that?
- You have to tell either him
or Mama Gina and say,
"Hey, I need you
to step the up,
so I can have an effective
coparenting wit' your son.
You need to stay the
out of our business."
Something to think about.
- Coming up...
- Dennis said today,
a girl is coming.
- I think we need
to warn Porsha.
I think--
- Oh, no.
- Let's get close.
- Thank you for, um, accepting
to meet with me this morning.
- Yeah.
- I wanted to speak to you
and say, hey, being here
was the right thing to do,
and I applaud you for it.
- The reason why I'm here
is because of you and Porsha.
We gotta raise PJ.
It's also a time that
me, you, and Porsha
has to spend together.
- Yeah.
- We gotta get that tight.
- Before we throw
everybody else in the mix
who opinion really
don't matter.
- Yeah, shouldn't matter.
- Right.
- It's nice to have
family around,
but as, you know,
we noticed,
your mom, she, at some point,
got up and walked out.
- You know, she wants the--
the-- the best for me, man,
but sometimes I tell her,
like, you know,
some of these battles
ain't yours to fight.
Me and Porsha business
is not your business.
- Mama Gina just needs to
continuously be encouraged
that, hey, you wanna make sure
your-- your daughter's mom
is good, as well,
so she can, you know,
she can always, you know,
be in the right headspace
for your daughter
when you're not around.
- For sure, 1,000%.
- Mama Gina, what you need
to do, is sit on the side,
and you should never
be invested
in your grown-ass son
relationship.
That's just gonna create
friction for everybody,
including your own son
'cause one day
your own son might say,
"You know what, mom?
I love you,
but I need to put some
distance between me and you
because every time
you come around,
you sh-- up."
- I'm excited to get to know you
better as we build, man,
and we'll just
keep our focus on--
on what's important.
- Yeah, absolutely.
- I need you
to do me a favor.
I will take that robe
if you can get it for me.
- If I run into it,
I'll make sure you get it back.
- Okay, cool.
- You don't have to worry
about that.
- Yeah.
- I'll tell you one thing
I did in my past relationships.
I-- I'm pretty good
with packing them up.
I have a professional
moving company
that makes sure
every piece of fabric
makes its way to where
it's supposed to be.
- You know, this guy
is really calculative.
Somebody told me he'd been
married five times,
so I'm not surprised he's got
a moving company on speed dial.
You know, Porsha need to be
prepared for that.
At some point, you know,
I'll have a significant other,
and then that's another
dynamic, right?
Porsha says she didn't want me
to bring a date here, man,
but I didn't wanna
sit around for four days
twiddling my thumbs.
So, if you could, man,
let her know
I'm bringing a date,
you know.
- Okay, sure.
I'll tell her.
I'll talk to her.
Hopefully, we can enjoy
the rest of this meal.
- Trip, too.
- I made notes
for this meditation.
- You got this.
- It's a new day.
Good morning.
Hey, Aunt Liz.
You can have a seat
wherever you'd like.
- Lena, how you doin'?
- How are you, Dennis?
- Great.
- Where were you?
In the pool?
- Oh, I just had
breakfast with Simon.
- Cute. Aww.
- Liz, how you doin'?
- Hey, good.
- Good, good.
- I'm glad to
hear you say that.
- Hello.
How are y'all?
- Hey.
- Hello.
- Yes.
- Do we have anyone else?
- Where's Porsha?
- I think this is all we have.
- Okay.
- Honestly, the fact
that Porsha is not here,
my feelings are hurt
more than I'm mad,
and it's her blended family.
No one else cares that much
if this family is blended.
She's the one that wanted it,
and she's not even here.
So, sit in the most
comfortable position
that you can possibly
get in.
So, now I want you to
visualize someone
that has triggered you,
someone who rubs you
the wrong way.
- You started this.
- I didn't start sh--.
- Yes, you did
by going behind people's back.
- I know Porsha
still love me.
Humans, we just
are emotional creatures.
Love is a part of who we are,
but sometimes it's just hard
to get past certain stuff.
- I want you
to visualize them.
- Storm, you don't know
what's going on.
Stay out of it.
- What are you gonna do?
- And become aware
of how your body feels
when they come into
your mind.
Do you feel tightness
in your stomach?
Accept the fact
that they have a hold on you.
- I-- I don't know why
I'm here anymore.
- Mmm.
- And I don't know
these people.
- Breathe in compassion
and breathe out the toxicity
that is flowing through
our family right now.
Stop talking about it.
If anyone says,
"Robe," again, go home!
- I ain't playing,
not one damn--
- Let me finish!
You can feel this uncomfortable
feeling and breathe.
Now, I invite you
to gently open your eyes.
Be patient with yourselves
and with other people.
I love you guys.
- I need a favor.
You gotta bring Gina
to the next one.
She was so emotionally
attached to this family.
- Mm-hmm.
- Yeah.
- You know, and, uh,
she's having a harder time
than anybody
'cause it happened so fast.
- Yeah.
- Yes.
- This was good today.
- Mm-hmm.
- Of course, I would love
to have her here.
- Love you guys.
- Yes.
- Aww.
- Thank you, Dennis.
- That's amazing.
- Thank you.
- Thank you guys for coming.
- Yay.
- Now, we can get out
of this hot sun.
We're going to
the cenote today.
Let's go put
our bathing suits on.
- Let's do it.
- Okay.
- You're a natural.
- Thank you.
- You're such-- you really
are such an amazing teacher.
- Okay, now, Headkrack,
now you know I need this.
How much is it?
- You refreshed?
- I'm refreshed.
- So, remember last night
when Dennis did the whole
I'm ready to trade rooms,
blah, blah, blah?
- Right.
- And then he said today,
a girl was coming.
- We are full today
with this,
with your
- Okay. Let me go.
I gotta go see.
- I understand.
I'm-I'm-- I'm wondering
what's going on, too.
- What is a girl gonna
do but create more drama?
- Like, keep it in your pants
for four days.
- I think we need
to warn Porsha.
I think--
- Oh, no.
When Porsha finds out
that Dennis brought a date,
Porsha is going to start
sharpening her knives.
- I think we need
to tell her.
- If he brings that girl
around, though,
it's gonna be
like last night.
It's not gonna
be productive.
- Coming up next...
- Let it out. That's it.
- Jesus, thank you!
- I'm so excited!
I've never been to a cenote.
- Cenote, it's so pretty.
- I'm so excited.
- It's gonna be beautiful.
- Yeah, where is Porsha?
Porsha has literally been
getting for, like, five hours.
- Lauren told me I couldn't
bring my girl to the cenote.
- Y'all in a relationship?
- Then knock that bird
out over there
and knock this bird out
over here with us.
- After all, Porsha
probably would've threw her
in the cenote river,
but, uh, she can swim.
I'm pretty sure.
- Hi!
Hi!
- Oh, jeez.
- Hey, cutie, look at you.
- Sit right here,
babe, across from me.
- What's going on?
- How y'all doin'?
- Good.
- Everybody looks so colorful.
- The who?
- Is it called a C-note?
- What's that?
- It's not a C-note, baby.
- The C-what?
- It's not a C-note.
Lena, what is it called?
- Porsha, why you
never correct me?
- I thought you was
talking about some money
or some drugs.
You know, that sound
like some street sh--.
I don't even know
what a cenote is.
- Me neither.
- It's a sinkhole.
- A who?
- A sinkhole.
- I don't wanna go.
Why would you put us
in a sinkhole, Lauren?
- You'll see.
- Now, why would
you do that?
- Last night's dinner
was ridiculous,
so I'm hoping that they come
to this understanding
that they need
to follow some rules,
and they need to
shut the F up for a second
so that we can get
through some things.
- Simon, when do we get to
meet the women in your family?
- Why you haven't
put us together yet?
- Because we have
so much else going on.
- 'Cause I'm too busy
putting you in my family.
- All right, listen up.
I just wanna explain to you.
We are here to do
a cleansing ritual,
so I want us to be very vocal
about what it is we feel
that we need
to get rid of.
So, we have a guide
here to help us.
Eric, hey. Hola.
- Hola.
My home is now your home,
guys, okay? Welcome.
- Thank you.
- So, let me explain you.
The first cenote right here,
65 meters inside
to the cave
right there, guys.
It's, like, uh, 42,
42 feet deep.
- Forty-two feet?
- Forty-two.
- Yeah, it's super deep.
- Tell us more
about these waters.
- And-and these are Mayan lands.
- Exactly.
- Oh, wow.
- You can find arms.
- What'd he say?
- Body parts all over
the place.
- So, you guys ready?
Let's go swimming, huh?
- Thank you.
- Wow! Look at that.
- Yeah, I'm not drinking that.
- It's the fishes in there.
- Oh, y'all,
it's so pretty.
- Before we get
into the water,
we're gonna do
a short meditation.
- So, when you feel comfortable,
allow your eyes to close.
What is it you're ready to
let go of in this moment?
We'll use this as
the talking stick.
- So, we're gonna try
the stick again
'cause we tried it
at the table,
and it failed.
So, we'll try again,
and pray a lot.
- After each person goes,
we're gonna clap and say,
"Aho and so it is," okay?
- Okay.
Aho and so it is.
- Um...
I guess I wanna release
any anger toward anybody
and to just work
on patience
for, um...
people who--
for people in general.
Aho and so it is.
- Thank you.
- Okay,
I wanna apologize,
and if you wanna
call it, let go,
of the years that...
I wasn't present
for my daughter,
because I was just
busy with business.
- Mm-hmm.
- And I apologize for that.
So, just give me
a second chance
to be the best mom
that I can be
'cause all I want
for you is the best.
And-and then
the other thing, I--
I know I'm taking
a long time,
but the other thing is--
- It's okay.
- Storm is the type of person
if you try to give her
some love and affection,
and she doesn't really
receive it that well,
we'll do our little hug,
and then we're done.
- I'll give you a hug
before we leave, not-not now.
- Can y'all
do it right now?
- I mean, I'm not really
a hugger, but, I mean,
I-I can give a hug.
- Just for your mama.
- It's your mother.
- Well, I'm not a hugger either.
- Practice.
- Heart to heart.
- Embrace.
- Can we have a real hug?
I mean, all I ever get
is just a little pat-pat.
I want a--
I want a real hug.
- Let it out. That's it.
- Jesus! Jesus!
Jesus, thank you!
Thank you!
Jesus, thank you.
Thank you, Jesus!
- Thank you.
Oh, thank you, Jesus.
Thank you.
- Mmm-mmm-mmm.
- Thank you.
- Okay.
- Thank you, baby.
- Yes, yes.
That was a breakthrough.
- Amazing work.
- Yes.
I wanna release
all those ghosts
of the Civil Rights Movement.
- Yes.
- All the lynchings,
and the shadows,
the beatings,
all the things
that I dream about
that was done to my people
that haunt me.
I let those ghosts go,
so I can find out
who is Elizabeth.
When you're raised in
the Civil Rights Movement,
you see images in
your dreams all the time.
My father,
Hosea Williams,
was on the executive staff
of Martin Luther King,
and I grew up thinking
that all nine-year-olds
went to jail for marching,
so I never knew anything else
but fighting,
and marching,
picketing.
That was my whole life.
- I want to get rid of
the negative part of me
that does not allow me
to be forgiving.
If there is also anyone
I may have made
you uncomfortable,
I ask that you forgive me,
as-as I struggle
with unforgiveness.
- Good job.
Aho and so it is.
- Gonna come back on around.
- Uh...
I know I'm not the host,
but I gotta say this, man.
I'm really, like,
proud of everybody,
especially Mama Gina.
Like, I'm-I'm proud of you.
I am letting go today of things
that are not important.
I go to the pool.
PJ was like, "Oh, daddy!"
And I was like, man,
that's important.
Today, I am making it
very intentional
just to be more about
putting me first,
my daughter.
That's it.
Aho and so it is.
- Okay.
Um, I have a whole lot
to say.
I haven't had much animosity
with anybody in the group
besides, um, Ma-Mama Gina
had a uncomfortable luncheon.
When someone mentions that
Dennis was a cheater,
you get upset.
- Okay, but you were
a cheater, too.
- I feel like she and I have
to have more conversation
about it to get to
a place of forgiveness
'cause I'm not there,
but I'm not ready for that.
I definitely feel like this
process has brought back
some of the emotional
issues that I had
when I was with Dennis
because after
Dennis and I broke up,
I was upset with Dennis,
and I felt like she should've
been upset with him, too.
That's what truly,
I think, severed
a genuine deep
relationship with her.
- I don't feel that
Porsha is being receptive
to anything
I've ever said,
but it's okay,
because forgiveness
is for me.
Therefore, I feel
fine about it.
- So, Lauren,
you take the stick
because you're a part
of this family.
- Yeah.
- I noticed that
as Porsha was speaking,
your toes literally
curled under your feet,
and I want this
to be healing for you, too.
- I feel like
I need to forgive you
for our working relationship.
In my opinion,
I was never fully appreciated.
I still probably hold that
against you a little bit.
- Okay.
- I ultimately quit
working for Porsha
because I was undervalued.
So, for me
to say it today,
I think she probably
feels attacked,
but I wanna do
what's best for me.
I won't work for you anymore.
- We-- we will.
- I will literally just
work for their company.
- We will. We will.
- I'll be on the street
with my daughter.
- She was ultimately
unhappy with
where she was
in her life period.
- I'm not happy.
I'm tired of
working for you.
- And so, making me
the big bad wolf
and being able
to knock me down
somehow empowered her.
- I think it's time
to use the water
to release
what we are letting go.
We're going to have them
visualize
the water cleansing
themselves
to clear out some negativity
in everyone's life.
- It's like
a little bath, huh?
- It's like--
Not no bath.
- So, come on in.
Come touch the water.
- It's-- it's so cold.
- But see if
- Mo-- oh, sh--,
Porsha stop.
- Get in the water.
- Yeah!
- Okay, Dom.
- Can you swim?
- Mexico.
- It's beautiful.
- Oh, it is beautiful.
- Wow, this is fancy.
- How are you?
- Hi.
- I don't know where to sit.
- Anywhere you want to.
- Hello, hello,
hello, hello.
- Hi.
- Come on, body.
- Hey.
- Hi.
Wow, everybody
is so colorful.
- Ooh.
- Uh-oh.
- Oh, cha-cha-cha.
That's how you
do it in Mexico.
- Hello.
- Hi.
You sittin' next
to me, Miss Gina?
- I am.
- Yeah.
- Right on time 'cause
I'm gonna kick her butt.
- Ow.
- Oh, Gina, honey.
- Mama Gina, where your son at?
- He had other plans
tonight.
- Yeah, I literally
just took a shower-- Okay.
- Hey...
I literally just took
a shower last minute myself.
I'm being summoned.
- Oh, stop it.
So, I hear...
But it's a tough situation.
- I don't know what to say.
That's just weird.
- He didn't want to
come to dinner with us?
- He had a guest
to come tonight.
- A guest?
- Yes.
Mm-hmm,
who was in Mexico,
so he decided to spend
some time with his guest.
- A female guest?
- Yes.
- Is she coming to dinner?
- He had a guest
to come tonight.
- A female guest?
- Yes.
- Is she coming to dinner?
- Oh, no, it's her birthday,
so he took her out.
- What?
- Oh.
- Okay.
At this point, I'm just
dealing with the consequences
of his toxic mother.
He is now toxic.
- I don't think she's toxic.
- She's very toxic.
She told me to my face
that I cheated on Dennis
and then she said
my mom said it,
which is a ----ing lie.
So-- and she couldn't
apologize for it
in the ditch earlier,
which is, like, this
is a truthful space,
and you still can't--
- No, she said--
- She said, "If I-- if I."
- That's weird.
Porsha is putting the blame
on Mama Gina right now,
but what she's
really upset about
is Dennis bringing a date.
She really needs to stop.
Simon doesn't need to see this.
- It is what it is.
We're good.
Come on.
Ain't no big drawn out sh--.
- Okay.
- You okay?
- Yeah.
- Mmm-mmm-mmm-mmm.
- Who is missing?
We're missing two seats.
- Oh, because Dennis
brought a girl.
- Are we waiting to see
if they're coming,
so we can finish?
- I surely hope not.
We're not waiting.
We got appetizers.
Yeah.
- I'm not that mature
right now, no.
- I just wanna thank
Lena for being here.
This is her last night
with us.
You have provided us with
such spiritual guidance,
and we appreciate
all of your support in that.
- As far as Lena goes,
I am not coming against her,
but what worries me
about the work
that Lauren has been
doing with Lena,
if Lena leads Lauren into
taking the covers
off of old wounds
and doesn't provide here with
a methodology for healing,
then she's just
gonna leave her
with a bunch of
opened up wounds,
and it's gonna be
a nightmare.
I just wanna cautious us
on mixing up
a bunch of different things.
You say you have
someone else coming.
- Yes, I'm gonna bring
in a life coach.
Her name is Elle.
She's amazing.
We wanna do a gratefulness
practice with you guys.
Super simple, super fun.
Positive, nothing heavy.
- We can't take
nothing else heavy.
- Nothing that can
make anyone cry.
I mean--
- There's no guarantees
with that.
- No guarantees.
- Storm's eyes
don't even water.
- I feel like I'm very
nonchalant when it comes
to a lot of things, so...
- You just don't let things
really bother you.
- You gotta just deal.
- She needs to cry with us, cry.
- You have to just
deal with that.
- Doing the cry.
- I'm internally crying.
You just can't see it.
- Join the tears.
- Ahh, I need a Coca-Cola
when you get a chance.
- I mean, I know I didn't
openly share at the cenote,
but I was in
a relationship with someone,
and the entire time,
it was toxic.
It was abusive.
I just remember being utterly
scared around the person.
I was isolated.
You know, I feel like I was--
I used to tell her all the time
I feel like I'm on island.
- Can I have a--
last night, you,
like, got up
and asked what
I was gonna do.
Stay out of it.
- What are you gonna do?
- Oh, no, you're
not standing up.
Girl, bye.
-
- So, I was just wondering,
like, where that aggression from
in your small tone because--
- So, now you wanna use
the trauma that
I've been through to say
that I did something
to you yesterday.
- No, no, no,
I'm not in any--
- But you used my abuse
to get to this conversation.
- No, that's not what I did.
- So, I no longer wanna
have this conversation
with you.
- No, that's not what I did.
- I'm gonna end it.
- No, listen. Listen.
- No.
- Wait a minute.
Let me just--
let me-- let me just say--
- Let me talk!
I just want you
to apologize.
- I'm not.
- But you-- do you-you--
- No.
- But you understand
why she may be
receiving it that way.
- No.
- I don't really
know Londie.
I'm the type of person
I speak when spoken to.
So, she never spoke to me.
I don't speak to her.
To address everyone
at the-the table--
- One time, when I thought
to myself, you know...
- Right.
- It's good that you're still
here to tell your story,
it didn't even dawn on me.
I'll wait.
- Wait, what?
Like, literally,
what's happening
at the other ----ing
end of the table?
- We're trying to
figure this out.
- It's just me trying--
I'm trying--
- We're just trying
to figure it out.
- Figure it out
while she is talking.
- No, we're trying--
we're trying to figure it out.
- But she's still talking.
- I'm super annoyed
that Porsha
is clearly taking
Storm's side.
At this point, I feel like
anything Storm says,
she's just gonna be
over there,
and it's a clear divide.
- What happens here,
when you talk, she talks.
All you see, is red.
You're not hearing
each other anymore,
and that's counterproductive.
- You know, honestly,
I'm gonna be real wit' you.
At this time,
I'm not-I'm not open
to gettin' to know you.
I don't want to.
- Storm, I've tried
to be nice to you.
I've tried to say, "Hey."
- No, no, you're not--
- Storm, let her--
let her finish.
- Wait a minute.
- We let you finish, Storm.
- I did but no.
- Storm, let her finish. Storm!
- Now, you're interrupting.
Now, you're interrupting.
- Storm, let her fin--
let her-- let her
finish the story.
- Let's just have a pause.
- Everyone has talked
when I was talking.
Okay.
- But you were talk--
you literally interrupted
when she was talking.
- That's not true.
Y'all did. Y'all did.
Everyone interrupted.
- About a traumatic
situation, Londie.
You're not even listening.
- If you feel like
I offended you yesterday,
then I apologize.
- The same way
that you have triggers,
I'm just trying to
get you to understand
that I have triggers.
- I don't wanna trigger anybody
'cause I don't want
people to trigger me.
- Aho.
Aho.
It is what it is.
- We'll have some fun
tomorrow.
We'll do some ATVs.
- Thank you.
- We'll figure out
who is gonna go to the spa,
who is gonna go to
the tequila bar.
- No more crying.
- Healing is fun.
- Now, in the morning,
we're gonna start with
walking meditation.
- How do you walk
and meditate?
- Next time on
"Porsha's Family Matters"...
- Whoa, [BLEEP]!
Oh, [BLEEP]!
- We start with
the silver tequila.
- Cheers.
Can we slow down?
- What are you
fixing within you?
- I feel like I am fixed.
- You're not, and I know
you're not doing the work,
and this was your idea.
- I never
- Dom, you did.
Okay.
- Talk-- talk that sh--.
- Who caught him cheating?
- Oh, let's fight!
- Dennis thinks that Dom
is a bit of a snake.
- Because he said that
I should have never told you
when I--
- Yeah, you're snitching.
Why you worried
about my penis, bro?
- It's very petty--
petty and immature.
- Simon wouldn't sleep
with his young bartender.
- What the [BLEEP],
huh, Bro?
- Get him out.
He needs to get
the outta here,
him, and his sluts,
and his mother.
- Shut up!
- Wait, wait, wait, wait!
- [BLEEP]!
- Oh, my God!
- [BLEEP], [BLEEP], [BLEEP]!